c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\HelpDeskTrain.dll.config
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\HelpDeskTrain.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\HelpDeskTrain.pdb
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\obj\Debug\HelpDeskTrain.dll
c:\users\pavel.korsun\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HelpDeskTrain\obj\Debug\HelpDeskTrain.pdb
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\obj\Debug\HelpDeskTrain.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\obj\Debug\HelpDeskTrain.pdb
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\HelpDeskTrain.dll.config
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\HelpDeskTrain.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\HelpDeskTrain.pdb
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\pavel.korsun\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HelpDeskTrain\HeloDesk\HelpDeskTrain\obj\Debug\HelpDeskTrain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
